Go to Scratch for Budding Computer Scientists (link on bit.ly/SAHSCS) and answer the
following questions.

You will need to create a file that is named your username and paste your answers in it.
After you have completed the questions, submit a pull request in this same repository.

1) Why is there such a "learning curve" when learning a traditional programming
language such as Java? There is such a learning curve because before you can learn to solve problems you must learn to read and write the problems.


2) What is learning to program ultimately about?
Learning programing is ultimately thinking logically and approcaching problems methodically.

3) How does Scratch "lower the bar" to programming?
It lowers the bar because it makes the focus on the problems rather than the syntax and to master programatic structures rather than syntax.

4) What is a statement in a programming language?
A statement is simply a directive that tells the computer to do something.

5) What is a Boolean expression?
A boolean expression is one that is either true or false.

6) What is a conditional statement?
A conditional statement is something that must be true in order for something to happen

7) What is a loop used for in a programming language?
A loop is used to make multiple executions of a statement.

8) What is the difference between a local variable and a global variable?
Local variables can be used by only one sprite while global sprites can be used by all.

9) What is a Boolean variable?
A variable that only takes on a value of tru or false.

10) Which type of blocks in Scratch can be considered threads?
Any block that begins with "when".

11) Which type of blocks in Scratch can be considered event handlers?
Any block that begins with "when".

12) How many sprites are implemented in Oscartime?
There are 9 sprites in Oscartime.

13) How many threads are used to display the Oscartime game instructions?
There is one thread used to display the Oscartime game instructions.

14) How many threads are used by Oscartime's Oscar sprite?
There is one thread used by Oscartime's Oscar sprite.

15) What programming constructs does Scratch NOT support?
Scratch does not support methods, parameters, return values, inheritance, and polymorphism are all constructs scratch doesn't support.
